UKFast Plesk Documentation Improvements and Additions (#390)
ukfast/docs.ukfast.co.uk: source/operatingsystems/linux/controlpanels/plesk.md

# Connecting to your Plesk Control Panel

The Plesk control panel lets you manage many aspects of your server though an web GUI, taking a lot of the low level work out of setting up sites.

> Plesk allows users that are not comfortable managing their solution via a command line interface, able to maintain and make use of their Linux server with ease.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plesk allows users to maintain and make use of their Linux server with ease, even if they are not comfortable managing a linux server via a command line interface.
```

> Plesk runs on port 8443 as default, you can access your Plesk via the external IP of the server of via an A record that is pointing that IP Address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plesk runs on port 8443 by default. You can access your Plesk panel via the external IP of the server or via an A record that is pointing that IP Address.
```

```console
  https://xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:8443
```
```eval_rst
.. note::
   The first time you access this, it will likely show a certificate warning that varies depending on which browser you're using.

   This is nothing to be worried about, it's just due to Plesk using a self-signed certificate to encrypt traffic.
```

How to skip the warning depends on the browser you are using.

> If you are using Google Chrome to access your Plesk Contorl Panel, when you are greeted with the warning mentioned above, click on the "Advanced" button first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Google Chrome to access your Plesk Control Panel, when greeted with the warning mentioned above, click on the "Advanced" button first.
```
